Add push to another repository workflow (#7)
Selleo/dev-templates: github-actions/push-to-another-repository/README.md

# Push to another repository

## The problem

> Sometimes we need push code from `Repository A` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes we need to push the code from `Repository A` 
```

> action to `Repository B` codebase, for eg. when we are implementing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
action to the `Repository B` codebase, for e.g., when we are implementing
```

Reviewer: it should be `e.g.` or `for example`, "for" is already included in e.g. :D

> GitOps(for the deployment repo) or when we need separate repo for build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitOps(for the deployment repo) or when we need separate repo for the build
```

> process for eg. with Design Tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
process for e.g. with Design Tokens.
```

Reviewer: same here "e.g. / for example"

## Solution

> We can leverage GitHub deploy keys(https://docs.github.com/en/developers/overview/managing-deploy-keys), heres how:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can leverage GitHub deploy keys ([managing deploy keys](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/overview/managing-deploy-keys)), here is how:
```

1) Follow the steps in the official guide.
2) In step 4 add key to our destination(`Repository B`) repo.
3) In step 7 check `Allow write access`.
4) Go to source repo(`Repository A`).
5) Go to `Settings` > `Secrets` > `Actions`.
6) Click `New repository secret`.

> 7) Add name for eg. `DEPLOY_SSH_KEY` - remember it must match variable name used in workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7) Add a name for e.g. `DEPLOY_SSH_KEY` - remember it must match the variable name used in the workflow.
```
